Redacting a Specification (#29)
Diwan-editor/Diwan: docs/specification.md

## General Specification for the project !   

> > This Specification is only for the MVP of this project that need to do the first user journey , consisting of opening a file editing and saving it into the filesystem !    

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This is a temporary initial specification to help achieve the first user journey, consisting of opening a file editing and saving it into the filesystem !    
```

--- 

> > This Specification can't be finished now , since m too retarded to give it soo much time !   

Reviewer: be a little more professional, its an open source project bro 😓

Author: i intentionally dont use gramarly or any intellisense so i can improve my lang ! 😔

> ### General Directory of the project !   

Reviewer 2: I assume that we should consider using the workspace approach instead of a single binary approach to facilitate the reformation process after the MVP is completed.

Author: yes correct , but we will start with one crate , i still lack a global visibility of the usage of various technologies so the mvp will allow us to have a clearer vision and hence the workspace paradigm might be adopted ( or other approaches as well ! )

Reviewer 2: I got it

``` 
simple_editor/
├── Cargo.toml
├── src
│   ├── main.rs
│   ├── commands
│   │   ├── mod.rs

> │   │   ├── file_commands.rs

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
│   │   ├── file_commands.rs
│   │   ├── helper_functions.rs
```

@TheMakarov,

It appears that the temporary specification did not cover the number of functions, structs, and traits allowed per file. To address this, we might need to create a `helper_functions.rs` file where we can define smaller functions that perform small tricks.

Author: i actually thought of em , but i thought why not let them inside one file , respecting a pseudo-SOLID principle !

Reviewer 2: Okay then, but if it is needed, I will use it

│   │   ├── edit_commands.rs
│   ├── editor
│   │   ├── mod.rs
│   │   ├── text_buffer.rs
│   │   ├── renderer.rs
│   ├── utils
│   │   ├── mod.rs
│   │   ├── file_manager.rs
│   │   ├── syntax_highlighter.rs
│   ├── lib.rs
├── tests
│   ├── integration_tests.rs
│   ├── unit_tests.rs
```

## Explanation :   

> - src/main.rs: The entry point of the application. This file should contain the main function and initialize the editor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- src/main.rs: The entrypoint of the application. This file should contain the main function and initialize the editor.
```

    - Prefix with MIN_: For minimum values.
    - Prefix with DEFAULT_: For default values.
    - Prefix with ERROR_: For error codes or messages.

6. Macros

    - Prefix with macro_: For general-purpose macros.
    - Prefix with log_: For logging-related macros.
    - Prefix with assert_: For assertion-related macros.
    - Prefix with debug_: For debugging-related macros.

## Versioning ! 
> using SemVer !   
### Semantic Versioning (SemVer)

- SemVer defines three components of a version number:

    - MAJOR: Incremented for incompatible API changes.
    - MINOR: Incremented for adding functionality in a backwards-compatible manner.
    - PATCH: Incremented for backwards-compatible bug fixes.

- Additionally, pre-release versions and build metadata can be appended to the version number:

    - Pre-release: Denoted by a hyphen and a series of dot-separated identifiers (e.g., 1.0.0-alpha, 1.0.0-beta.2).
    - Build metadata: Denoted by a plus sign and a series of dot-separated identifiers (e.g., 1.0.0+build.123).

- When to Increment Versions

    - MAJOR Version (e.g., 1.0.0 to 2.0.0):
        - Increment when you make incompatible API changes.

>         - This indicates that users may need to update their code to use the new version.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        - This indicates that users may need to update their text editor to use the new version.
```

Author: nn here is code , it's related to the development rather than the release !

        - Increment when you make backwards-compatible bug fixes.
        - This indicates that the release includes fixes but no new features or breaking changes.

- Setting Up Your Versioning System

    - Initial Version (e.g., 0.0.1):
        - Start with a version like 0.0.1 for initial development.
        - Use 0.x.x versions for pre-release, unstable, or experimental features.

    - Pre-release Versions (e.g., 1.0.0-alpha):
        - Use pre-release versions to indicate that the software is not yet stable.
        - Common pre-release identifiers include alpha, beta, rc (release candidate).

    - Stable Release (e.g., 1.0.0):
        - Increment to 1.0.0 when you consider the project stable and ready for production use.
        - This indicates that the API is stable and that breaking changes will be minimized.

    - Subsequent Releases:
        - Increment the PATCH version for bug fixes.
        - Increment the MINOR version for new features.
        - Increment the MAJOR version for breaking changes.

## Idioms and Code Practices !  
### Coding Idioms ! 

- TDD at the core : 
  - Core Tests for a feature [X] must be written first ! 

>   - Push inital deltas to the remote origin without any initial business logic ! 

Reviewer: I dont see the value in  pushing inital deltas to the remote origin without any initial business logic over pushing the full code after it has been written, we have the kanban board so we are in theory aware of what people are working on at all times.

also, are you sure we can enforce a TDD workflow here ? i am not discussing the benefits of TDD here, im discussing if people can stick to it.

Author: ig yes , so when other check , can actually see what's going to be tested , and give their remarks regardless of the business logic !
